# 五大湖水文与水利工程调研

## 相关因素
### 水文




### 大坝
- 发电量
- 调洪库容 flood storage capacity
- 溢洪量 Spillway capacity
- 可消减洪峰流量


## 获取到的数据
### 水文


### 大坝
#### Moses-Saunders Power Dam
> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moses-Saunders_Power_Dam
 
- 发电量： USA: 912 MW, Canada: 1,045 MW
- 调洪库容： 


## 期望达到的效果
### 水文

#### 安大略湖水位波动

The average fluctuations from winter lows to summer highs is similar; prior to regulation the range was about 0.49 m (1.6 ft), since regulation began in 1960 the ranges has averaged about 0.50 m (1.6 ft). 

> https://ijc.org/en/loslrb/watershed/faq/2


#### 安大略湖与圣劳伦斯河水位关系

把水拦在湖里，可以大幅减少圣劳伦斯河的水位。

Letting out enough water to lower Lake Ontario by 1 inch would raise the level of the river at Montreal by nearly a foot

> https://www.newyorkupstate.com/weather/2017/05/lake_ontario_montreal_flooding_st_lawrence_river_moses-saunders.html


### 大坝

#### Ontario-St. Lawrence River system大坝拦水效果
足以削去18cm的涨水，以及增加60cm的储水。

Water levels of Lake Ontario were, on average, lower before regulation, because water supplies were, on average, less at that time. Since 1960, Lake Ontario would have set new record high water levels several times without regulation. While regulation has actually reduced the impact of higher supplies, it has not completely eliminated it. As an example, during 2017, the lake peaked at 75.88 m (248.95 feet) with regulation. The level would have reached approximately 76.06 m (249.54 feet), approximately 18 cm (7.1 inches) higher than what would have been experienced if the regulation structures and procedures were not in place.

By contrast, during the dry years of the mid 1960s, Lake Ontario would have been approximately 60 cm (2 feet) lower at times than it was with regulation. While the above examples show that the result of regulation during extreme water supply conditions can be significant, in general, during more normal water supply periods, the difference in water levels on Lake Ontario due to regulation is in the order of centimeters/inches and is typically not significant.

> https://ijc.org/en/loslrb/watershed/faq/2